UFO enthusiasts believe that government institutions globally are hiding extraterrestrial technology which if released would radically disrupt the world economy.
Some assert that the High-Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP) its a device for mind control weather modification or a weapon that can cause natural disasters.
A conspiracy theory claiming tech giants are conspiring to create autonomous intelligent machines to control us and challenge human dominance.
The theory that COVID-19 vaccines are a cover for planting microchips in recipients to track and control them.
Conspiracy theorists believe that pharmaceutical companies are withholding cures for various diseases to maximize their profit.
This theory suggests that the USA faked moon landing to win the space race against Russia.
Some people believe that the US government orchestrated the 9/11 attacks to justify foreign wars.
The theory that governments all over the world are exaggerating the threat of global warming to control resources.
A belief that a secret society rules the world from behind the scenes.
Flat Earthers insist that the Earth is flat and the fact it’s round is a vast NASA conspiracy.
Elvis Presleys death in 1977 was allegedly a hoax and he is living in secret.
Conspiracy theorists claim that there were other gunmen involved in the assassination of John F. Kennedy which has been covered up by the U.S. government.
The theory that this American base houses evidence of extraterrestrial life.
The white vapor trails emitted by planes referred to as chemtrails are said to be chemical or biological agents deliberately sprayed for sinister purposes.
The harmful and unfounded theory that Jewish elites control global politics and the economy.
The CIAs mind control program to manipulate peoples mental states and alter brain functions.
Denial or distortion of the genocide of Jews during World War II.
The theory that an unknown force causes planes and ships to disappear mysteriously in this area.
A secret group is purportedly planning to abolish sovereign nations and create a global government.
The proposal that were living in an advanced artificial reality controlled by superior beings.
Paul McCartney supposedly died in a car accident in 1966 and was replaced by a look-alike.
Conspiracy theorists argue that the Denver International Airport is a hub for the lizard people or the Illuminati because of its strange murals and a network of underground tunnels.
Certain theories maintain that time travel is already a reality hidden from the public.
A theory that the coronavirus is man-made either as a biological weapon or through research blunder rather than a naturally occurring disease.
The theory that Facebook is secretly accessing your devices microphone to better target ads.
A false theory that high-ranking officials are involved in a child sex ring.
A belief that an underground facility in Dulce New Mexico is home to extraterrestrials.
The claim that the U.S. Navy teleported a ship and its crew in Philadelphia in 1943.
The theory that the death of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain was not a suicide but a murder.
A belief that the government has discovered the lost city of Atlantis but keeps it secret.
A conspiracy theory that shape-shifting reptilian beings control Earth by taking on a human form and gaining political power.
A baseless theory that claims politicians and celebrities work together globally to commit child abuse.
Adolf Hitler did not die in his bunker but escaped to Argentina or Antarctica.
People remembering events differently could be proof of alternative universes.
Some believe that King’s murder was a government conspiracy.
The theory that an international corporate and political elite group decides global policies during their annual conference.
Conspiracy theorists claim that this prehistoric monument was built by aliens.
The book itself became the focus of a theory suggesting that Jesus married Mary Magdalene and had offspring.
The alleged secret American government project involving experiments on humans.
The theory that crop circles are created by aliens.
Many conspiracy theorists theorize suspects in the Zodiac Killers crimes suggesting coverups.
The theory that Bigfoot exists but its existence is hidden by the government.
Unfounded rumors of a global satanic cult that abuses children circulate on the internet.
A belief that RFID technology is the mark of the beast mentioned in the Book of Revelation.
Some believe that Shakespeare was a pseudonym for several writers.
The theory that rapper Tupac Shakur is still alive and faked his death.
This secret society of global elites is believed to control world events.
A pseudo-scientific belief that the Earth is hollow and contains a substantial interior space.
A conspiracy theory regarding the perceived influence of Marxists within culture and media.