An online post claims deforestation is beneficial for the environment as it helps control overpopulation of trees
Erroneous GPS data is used to create a public misconception that a local park is contaminated with radiation
Rumours of an impending volcanic eruption are spread without any scientific backing
Lack of clarity in recovering plastic waste creates a belief that recycling is pointless
Misinformation about the harmful effects of sunscreen on coral reefs leads to ban on all sunscreens
Erroneous information about the presence of high levels of lead in a communitys water supply leads to unnecessary panic among residents.
A miscommunication about a tropical storms landfall leads coastal residents not to evacuate
False claims about an endangered animal population recovery leads to lax laws
A false statistical report about decreasing air pollution levels released
Inaccurate information circulation about nuclear energy and nuclear waste
Wrong information about a major oil spill cleanup perpetuated
Social media campaign falsely promoting the dumping of scrap electronics in the sea for artificial reef creation.
Misinformation about common cold-cold weather connection discourages people from bundling up in winters
False information that suggests electric cars produce more CO2 than petrol cars discourages people from adopting environmentally friendly alternatives.
A myth that plastic bags are more environmentally friendly than paper bags leads to increased plastic pollution.
Erroneous claims about renewable energy sources not being efficient or reliable discourages investments in these sectors.
Misinformation that vaccines cause autism leads to a decrease in immunizations and increase in disease outbreaks.
A rumor that an invasive plant species is good for the local environment leads to its unrestrained growth.
An urban legend about touching baby animals will cause their mothers to reject them leads to unnecessary interference with wildlife.
Misinformation suggesting that climate change is a hoax leads to increased consumption of fossil fuels.
False reports about the level of pesticide use on organic farms may cause consumers to opt for conventional produce.
Inaccurate claims about the safety of genetically modified crops leads to public opposition and decreased funding for beneficial GM technologies.
False theories about the causes of wildfires result in ineffective prevention strategies.
Manufacturers falsely advertise products as green or eco-friendly
Misinformation about plastics and fertilizers leading to improved soil fertility.
Unfounded claims that radiation from mobile phones kills bees
Inaccurate reports about decreasing bird populations leads to a ban on all hunting
Misinformation that hand dryers are less environmentally friendly than paper towels leads to increased deforestation for paper production.
False rumor about the harmlessness of tossing apple cores and other biodegradable waste into the forest leads to littering and increased rodent populations.
An incorrect news story about local fracking causing earthquakes leads to protests and work stoppage at the energy company.
A viral post suggests harmful algae blooms are harmless and natural
Ineffectual DIY solution promoted online to combat invasive insect species
Misinformation about the safety of water in a lake infested with harmful bacteria leads to health hazards.
False claims suggest old-growth forests contribute more to global warming than young forests
Propaganda promotes coal as a green energy source
A false report that paints urban sprawl as a boost to biodiversity.
Inaccurate social media posts about a type of fish being poisonous leads to a decline in the species due to fear-based overfishing.
A false belief that a certain plant species helps control soil erosion leads to its uninhibited growth and eventual harm to local biodiversity.
Misinformation that deems hydropower plants as major wildlife disruptors leads to decreased support for renewable energy projects.
False viral posts that suggest certain household plants can entirely purify indoor air
A baseless rumor about potential fracking activities threatening to contaminate local drinking water supply induces public panic.
Misleading information that ocean acidification can be countered using lime
False information about the harmlessness of releasing balloons into the environment leads to an increase in this harmful practice.
A rumor that a local forest is haunted discourages people from visiting
Inaccurate claims about the benefits of incinerating waste leads to excessive air pollution.
A false assertion that buying bottled water helps conserve groundwater resources
Misinformation that promotes the use of diesel cars over electric vehicles
Unverifiable claims about the positive impact of certain pesticides on bee population
A fake report about the expected path and intensity of a hurricane causes unnecessary panic and evacuations.