A renowned software companys patented coding algorithm is stolen by a competitor
An artists music track is illegally downloaded and sold by a pirate site
A scientists groundbreaking research paper is stolen and published under a different name
A small movie production companys screenplay is stolen
A website clones the look
A corporate spy infiltrates a vehicle manufacturing company
Potent pharmaceutical drug formulas are stolen from a top industry player
The source code of a popular videogame is stolen and distributed for free
A celebritys image is used without consent for commercial advertisement
A mobile app developer clones an already existing popular app
A clothing designers new line is stolen and reproduced by a fast-fashion retailer
A brands logo is slightly modified and used by a new company
A bestselling authors unpublished novel manuscript gets leaked and freely circulated over the internet.
Companys new machine design is stolen and patented by another company.
A chefs secret recipe is stolen and used by a rival restaurant.
Patented plant genes are stolen and used by a competitor to beat a leading agricultural company in the market.
Industrial design of a successful consumer product is stolen and replicated by other brands
A corporate presentation detailing a companys future strategic moves is stolen and used by a competitor to one-up in the market.
Confidential marketing strategies are stolen and used by another company leading to financial losses.
Trademarked taglines are ripped off and used illegitimately
A highly anticipated advertising campaign concept is leaked and reproduced even before the original company could launch it.
Photographs from a professional photographers portfolio are stolen and commercially exploited.
A software companys unique User Interface design is copied by another developing company
A companys database is hacked and the confidential customer data is leaked
A publishers inventory of exclusive digital content is illegally downloaded and distributed over the internet.
Confidential customer data from a popular e-commerce website is stolen and sold
Construction plans for an innovative architectural design are stolen and used
Industrial robot design of a manufacturing company is stolen by a rival company
A simply-disguised counterfeit of a popular product starts selling online
Song lyrics are plagiarized
Patented technology is used without licensing
Stand-up comedians original jokes and routine are stolen and used in a sitcom without permission.
A tech companys proprietary algorithm is reverse engineered and used by a rival firm.
An ad agency concept is stolen and used by another agency for a multimillion-dollar campaign.
Trade secrets about a new beverage formula are stolen and used by a rival beverage company.
Designs from a conceiving tech visionarys unreleased product are stolen by a competing tech mogul.
An automotive companys vehicle design is leaked and copied by a rival company.
A major record labels unreleased album is leaked
A fashion designers dress designs are stolen and sold at a much lower price in the black market.
A brewing companys unique brewing process is revealed and copied by competitors.
A confidential company document regarding a merger is stolen and leaked
A furniture design companys build blueprints are stolen
A top chefs unpublished cookery book is uploaded on to the internet.
A new software companys unique User Interface design is stolen by a rival company and is used in their own product.
A machine shop had its patented manufacturing process copied
A tech company’s sophisticated robot design is stolen and exploited by a rival tech company
A universitys groundbreaking research gets plagiarized and published in a top journal by unknown people.
Original concept and story board of an ad campaign is stolen and reproduced by a competitor
An artists original paint sketch design gets stolen and mass produced