A phishing attack disguises as an internal tax department’s email urging employees to submit their personal information for annual tax computation.
A phony social media notification
Scammers send emails impersonating a popular streaming service
A spoofed website resembling a popular online bank seeks log-in details of users after an email blast indicating preventive maintenance of servers.
Scientists conducting virus research receive seemingly legitimate emails containing the latest research documents but instead they contain malwares tailored to steal sensitive data.
A malicious app masquerading as a COVID-19 tracker prompts users to enter their sensitive health
An email from a hacker impersonating the companys CEO asks an employee to make a wire transfer to a third-party account.
A spear-phishing campaign targets a high-ranking official at a global tech company
An email claiming to be from the countrys tax department directs taxpayers to a malicious website that steals their identity and financial details.
A phishing campaign exploits a national crisis
A phishing email disguised as a critical software update installs a malicious backdoor on university computers
A deepfake video impersonates a countrys leader and encourages users to fill out a form for government aid but is designed to steal sensitive information.
Scammers send phishing emails offering a large sum of money from a lottery or inheritance
An attacker uses vishing techniques to impersonate an IT support agent
A freelancer receives an email from a scammer posing as a potential client who sends a malicious document that installs a keystroke logger.
A fake job recruitment email takes recipients to a website that steals personal information and credentials.
Scammers setup a Wi-Fi hotspot named like a public place
A spear-phishing attack targets a cryptocurrency wallet owner
A rogue software alert prompts users to install a revamp of their OS but instead hosts a Trojan horse.
Phishing email impersonating the World Health Organization urges recipients to download a document detailing safety measures against a disease but it carries a malware.
Students receive an email from a fake faculty email id
Scammers impersonate an IT helpdesk and send bulk messages to company employees
An email disguised as a customer complaint tricks a business owner to reveal their bank details for transaction reversal.
An online shopper receives a phishing email disguised as a purchase invoice
Phishing texts posing as urgent bank messages trick victims into believing their account has been breached and ask them to verify their identity.
Cloned Wi-Fi SSID tricks users to connect
An email scam targets the elderly
Malicious emails incorrectly inform recipients they have broken copyright laws and demand payment via a link to avoid legal proceedings.
A phishing campaign uses timely news of bank mergers
An email from a hacker posing as a trusted organization invites targets to attend a webinar
An attacker manipulates caller IDs to appear as a family member
Scammers send an email supposedly from a travel agency offering cashback. When recipients click on the cashback link
Users receive a phishing SMS claiming to be from a courier company
A fake cloud storage email warns users that their accounts have almost exceeded their data limit and leads targets to a cloned login webpage.
A real-time phishing attack pushes users to verify their accounts using two-factor authentication codes that the attacker uses to gain control over their accounts.
A malicious pop-up scares users by showing a virus-detected alert and urges them to download an antivirus application that actually infects systems with malware.
Crafted emails resembling software trial expiration prompts users to renew their subscription and steal their credit card information.
A mass email mimics a popular gaming apps promotional offer and prompts users to click on it and install malicious software.
Attackers pose as tech support representatives and try to gain access to victims computers by showing fake virus scans.
Employees receive phishing voicemails that seem to come from senior management and ask them to conduct an unauthorized funds transfer.
Fake LinkedIn connection requests that actually guide users to log in with their credentials on a hacker-controlled platform.
An email pretends to be from a co-worker asking for an urgent file sharing through a malicious link.
Scammers send WhatsApp messages pretending to offer free data packages
A spear-phishing attack targets a journalist
An online gamer receives a phishing message about an exclusive in-game item that requires log-in through a link
Attackers spoof the email id of a real estate company
A phishing campaign uses public interest in a celebrity scandal to spread malicious links promising exclusive content.
Scammers impersonate a telephone service providers SMS that prompts users to log into their accounts for necessary updates