A teacher unintentionally assigning boys more rigorous maths problem
Textbooks repeatedly showing images of females in passive or supportive roles.
A college failing to admit students from certain racial groups based on the stereotype that they underperform academically.
A career counselor encouraging female students to pursue more feminine careers like nursing
Students from a linguistic minority group stereotyped as slow learners based on language differences.
Professors expecting Asian students to excel in STEM subjects because of model minority stereotype.
A financial aid application implying low-income students dont prioritize education.
Classroom discussions perpetuating the idea that certain races are naturally better at sports.
School administration assuming that refugee students will cause trouble
Teachers mistaken that homosexual students are prone to mental health issues due to misleading stereotypes.
Schools failing to recognize the academic potential of students with physical disabilities.
Boys encouraged more than girls in competitive activities like debates
Curriculum undermining the contributions of ethnic minority groups to history.
School administration assuming that immigrant parents are less involved in their childrens education.
Parents assuming teachers of certain races to be less competent
Certain gender groups marginalized in physical education activities.
School staff encouraging male students more in leadership roles compared to female students.
Parents associating academic success with males and cultural refinement with females.
Schools favoring native speakers over English learners mistaking the latters language learning process as an intellectual deficit.
Immigrant students assumed to be weak academically.
Minority group students passed over for honors classes based on the misconception that they cant handle higher level coursework.
Underrepresentation of certain racial groups in gifted education programs due to biased testing practices.
Sex education courses that perpetuate gender stereotypes and misinform about homosexual relationships.
Differential treatment of parents based on income level at PTA meetings.
The stereotype that girls do not excel in technology leads to less encouragement for them to join the computer science club.
Assuming that a child from a low-income background cannot perform well acadically.
Textbooks and learning materials portray certain racial or ethnic groups negatively.
Girls possibly discouraged from participating in sports because of the stereotype that girls are not physically strong.
Teachers assuming that children from certain ethnic groups are less disciplined.
Schools subscribing to the stereotype that boys are more disruptive than girls.
Assuming that shy and introverted students cannot succeed in leadership roles.
Consciously or unconsciously dissuading girls from pursuing careers in engineering.
Mistaking a socioeconomically disadvantaged students’ lack of exposure for lack of ability.
Labeling children with learning disabilities as lazy or unintelligent.
Schools focusing on grooming only boys for roles in science competitions or mathematics Olympiads.
Teachers believing that kids from broken families will also perform poorly in school.
Discouraging immigrant students from speaking their native language at school
Believing that older teachers are not as capable with technology as their younger counterparts.
Unconsciously discouraging boys from expressing their feelings due to the stereotype that boys should be tougher.
Encouraging only girls towards activities related to home economics while neglecting boys.
Discouraging or not providing enough learning opportunities for students with special needs due to the stereotype that they cannot learn as well.
Stereotyping students from rural areas as having a poorer quality of education.
A counselor presuming that a student of color is more likely to react violently to stressful situations.
Assuming LGBTQ+ students need special mental health support
Believing that first-generation college students are less prepared for college-level work.
Ascribing stronger mathematic skills to boys and better verbal skills to girls leading to possible biased assessment.
Failure to recognize signs of distress or mental health issues in male students due to the belief that boys dont cry.
Students from a certain race or ethnic background pushed towards vocational programs due to stereotypes.
Ignoring evidence of bullying against a student due to the belief that boys have to be strong or “man up”.
Presuming single parents are not as invested in their childs education as couples.