A fraudster fabricates a deed to the property and transfers the title to their own name selling the property without the actual owners awareness.
A fraudulent investor buys a property significantly inflates the propertys market value through false and misleading appraisals then sells it quickly for profit.
A scammer uses a straw buyer to secure a mortgage then rents out the property without making mortgage payments causing the property to eventually go into foreclosure.
Homeowners in financial distress are deceived into signing over their property title believing they will be able to stay in the home as renters and eventually buy it back.
Fraudsters steal photos and descriptions of properties from legitimate real estate listings and post them at a too-good-to-be-true price duping unsuspecting renters into sending them rent and security deposit.
Builder accepts advance payments from potential homeowners to start building but never completes the project.
Buyer purchases a property at a low cost makes minor improvements then repackages it at an inflated price under false appraisals.
Fraudsters promise unusually high returns on property investments with no financial risk involved.
Scam occurs when developers sell properties before construction has begun; if the developer goes bankrupt the buyer loses their investment.
Fraudsters pressure investors to buy properties at highly inflated prices.
Here real estate agents encourage sellers to sell their homes for less than the outstanding balance on their mortgage convincing them it is the only way out of their financial distress.
A person impersonates the owner of a property and transfers the property to their name.
Fraudsters buy a vast land at a low price create hype around it to increase its price then sell it at a profit and move out.
A fraudster sells a property to multiple buyers who are not aware of other transactions.
Scammers rent a unit they do not own to multiple tenants and collect advance rents from all of them.
Property agents ask for upfront fees to secure a property deal but then disappear once fees are collected.
Scammers sell partial ownership to multiple investors who believe they are the sole owners.
The tenant signs a lease agreement with the option to buy the property after a certain period but the scammer purposely includes conditions that the tenant cannot meet.
A fraudster convinces a buyer to invest in a property of higher value rather than the one the buyer is interested in.
Lenders give loans to borrowers who are likely to default to profit from their foreclosure.
Scammers offer a fraudulent second mortgage to the homeowners who are looking for debt consolidation or home renovation funds.
Fraudsters hack into the email accounts of homeowners or real estate professionals to get information about upcoming transactions.
Scammers falsely advertise timeshare properties and leave buyers with little or no recourses after the deal is made.
Fraudsters scam homeowners into signing over the deed to their home with the promise they can stay as renters and repurchase the property later.
Scammers use the victims personal information to sell or mortgage a property without their knowledge.
This involves getting mortgages based on nonexistent properties and fake borrowers.
Multiple loans for the same home are taken out by the scammers.
Not disclosing known issues with the property to a potential buyer.
Scammers file false documents to claim title on a property.
Scammers portray an image of a non-performing property to sell it at a lower price.
Buyers are pressured into purchasing a property sight unseen over the phone.
Mortgage fraud involving a homeowner who misrepresents some information on the mortgage application to acquire the loan.
Scammers convince someone else to use their information to secure a mortgage with the false promise of never having to make any payments.
The scam artist convinces an unsuspecting party to participate in a fake real estate training where their information is used to buy and sell properties.
Fraudsters retrieve homeowners mortgage details and propose fake plans to eliminate their debt.
Inflated loans which allows for extra cash where the surplus is divided between the scammer and the loan officer.
Homeowners get another loan to fulfil the down-payment of the first loan without the knowledge of the first lender.
The buyer transfers the deposit into a scammers bank account who poses as the real estate agent.
New investor funds are used to pay dividends to earlier investors creating a false sense of profit.
Scammers pose as contractors convincing homeowners to take up unnecessary home improvements.
Scammers promise to save homeowners from foreclosure by negotiating better loan terms from their lender.
Fraudsters claim they can help homeowners to free themselves from their mortgage obligations.
Scammers pool money from multiple investors to invest in real estate without specifying the nature of the properties.
A fake buyer is used to buy property on behalf of the actual investor to mislead the seller.
A property is bought and sold among accomplices to artificially inflate its price before selling it to an unsuspecting buyer.
The borrower is not the actual owner of the property but takes a loan on behalf of the owner without the lenders knowledge.
The buyer sells a property hiding the fact that a part of the property is illegally built on public land.
Lenders push borrowers into unreasonably high-interest rate loans or hide the real terms of the loan in the fine print.
The seller colludes with a buyer to artificially raise the property price in a bidding scenario.
An appraiser conspires with a buyer or seller to understate or overstate the propertys value.