The fraudster posts listings of non-existent properties or properties they do not own then convinces potential buyers or renters to send money upfront.
The scammer posing as a property owner fakes legal documents and sells rents or accepts loans against the property.
Fraudsters manipulate ownership documents convincing people that they are the rightful property owners and conning people into transactions.
Scammers promise to pay off a homeowners mortgage if they move the house to the scammers name only to force the original owners out afterward.
The con artist signs a contract for one property but changes property details before finalising the transaction.
Scammers pose as contractors propose repairs and demand upfront payment then leave without completing the job or do substandard work.
Fraudsters demand upfront fees for loans that never materialize.
Scammers falsify property values to secure larger loans than needed pocketing the difference.
The con artist convinces the buyer to rent first with an agreement of future purchase only to steal the deposit and disappear.
Fraudsters list someone else’s property on Airbnb and receive money from unsuspecting vacation renters.
The scammer sells the property to multiple buyers receiving money from each one.
Scammer advertises a rental property they do not own and collects deposit or rental payment from several victims.
People are encouraged to purchase property off-plan but the property either doesnt exist or isnt owned by the seller.
Scammers send fraudulent emails masqueraded as legitimate real estate agencies to extract sensitive personal information.
Scammers establish a fake real estate investment club collecting membership fees and stealing the funds.
Hackers gain access to a real estate agent’s email send instructions to buyers to wire funds to their account instead of the escrow.
The buyer is tricked into buying property and leasing it back to the seller who then ceases to make lease payments.
Scammers target homeowners facing foreclosure promising to help them keep their homes in exchange for a fee only to make off with the money.
Fraudsters manipulate property prices to sell them to unsuspecting buyers at artificial prices.
Scammers pretend to have property under contract to sell to another buyer collecting finders fees without neither contract nor buyer.
Scammers convince homeowners they have a legal way to dispose of their mortgage for an upfront fee.
Fraudsters impersonate real estate agents communicating fake offers and stealing deposit money.
Potential owners are shown a glamorous property but sold a less desirable one.
Fraudsters undervalue a property to buy at a reduced cost and then sell it at market price.
Scammers invite people to invest in property and rely on recruiting new members to pay returns to earlier investors.
Fraudsters sell worthless plots of land to victims promising high returns that never materialize.
Criminals threaten property owners with foreclosure over supposed unpaid taxes.
A buyer uses a rental agreement to deceive the seller into thinking payments are being made.
Scammers convince property owners to take a short-term loan against their property later exploiting terms to seize the property.
Fraudsters trick people into bidding on non-existent properties.
Scammers offer to rent and manage a property on behalf of the owner failing to pay any rental income.
Scammers target individuals relocating to a new city claiming to help them find housing but stealing their money instead.
Scammers trick elderly homeowners into taking out unnecessary home equity loans.
Fraudsters posing as financial advisers manipulate seniors into applying for a reverse mortgage.
Events promise to teach attendees how to make a fortune in real estate only to sell expensive courses or schemes that bring little to no value.
Scammers pose as city officials claiming homeowners are responsible for water leaks and must pay for repairs.
Some lenders manipulate borrowers into unfavorable loan terms.
Fraudsters practice real estate without a license stealing personal information and money from unsuspecting clients.
Appraisers inflate a propertys value for a kickback.
Scammers collect application fees and deposits for rental properties that are not available.
Scammers pose as inspectors charging homeowners for unnecessary inspections.
A buyer purchases property at a low price has a fake appraisal done and sells at a significantly higher price.
Scammers manipulate transactions to benefit them financially including increasing commission or fraudulent purchases and sales.
Scammers sell modular homes collect money but never deliver the home.
Fraudulent contractors convince homeowners that their property contains asbestos and charge exorbitant fees for removal.
Scammers pose as tax collectors demanding payment for fabricated debts.
Tenants sublet property without the knowledge or approval of the property owner.
The fraudster purchases a home thats in foreclosure then tricks the homeowner into signing over the deed.
This involves securing a second mortgage to cover closing costs and down payments making the buyer take more debt.
A seller inflates the price of a property for the buyer to secure a larger mortgage then the seller gives the buyer cash-back after closing.