A prominent investor artificially inflates the stock price of a company he owns a large share in through positive rumours then sells off his shares at the high price.
A group of traders spread false negative information about a company to drive down its stock price after which they buy them at low prices and wait for recovery.
A broker with advanced technology manipulates the market by placing and then cancelling orders at high speed to create false market movements.
A CEO of a company trades company stocks based on non-public material information about the company leading to unfair price movements.
An individual tries to push down the stock price by heavy selling or spread negative rumors about the company.
Brokers create artificial trading activity by buying and selling to one another to attract other traders to join the bandwagon.
Brokers increase their commission by unnecessarily buying and selling stocks on a clients account reducing their return on investment.
A trader buys a large portion of stocks or commodities in order to create a monopoly and dictate the price.
A group of traders collaborate secretly to buy up large amounts of a stock artificially inflate the price and sell it off to unsuspecting investors.
Mutual fund traders place orders after the official close of trading taking advantage of the information released after market close.
Brokers buy or sell stocks ahead of their clients order to benefit from the price change that will result from the large client order.
A company falsely reports higher profits to inflate stock prices and attract investors then insiders sell off their holdings before the truth emerges.
A trader simultaneously buys and sells the same stock to create an illusion of heightened trading activity.
Traders place fake orders intended to manipulate the market price of a security which they cancel before execution.
A trader creates an impression of high demand for a stock and encourages a trend leading others to buy and increase the price rapidly.
Two investors collude to trade with each other to give a false impression of high volume.
Companies or individuals overwhelm the system with high-frequency trading orders causing a delay that they can then exploit.
Major financial institutions manipulate benchmarks to benefit their positions.
A broker offers highly profitable and low-risk investment opportunities to the investors. Once they invest the broker uses their money in high-risk investments.
Two or more market operators collude for reciprocal buying or selling of shares to artificially increase volumes and attract investors.
International traders manipulate global market indices to profit from index funds and ETFs.
Traders sell more shares short than are available driving down the price beyond what supply and demand would dictate.
Big players make transactions in illiquid hours when the market lacks depth causing large swings that allow them to trade at favorable prices.
A group of traders makes the same trades simultaneously to move the price.
Traders exploit rules around maximum daily price moves to change the opening price on the following day.
Traders repeat the same pattern of buying and selling shares throughout the day to create the illusion of high trading volumes.
A trader exploits the ISO mechanism in electronic trading to manipulate prices across markets.
Traders buy or sell a particular stock at the end of the day to affect the closing price of the stock.
Central Banks manipulate their discount rates to influence stock markets which benefits particular financial institutions.
Institutions manipulate rates in bond markets to affect yield and price.
A holder of a large number of shares sells them just before the ex-dividend date to a colluding party and buys them back afterwards at a lower price.
Traders place and then cancel orders that they never intended to execute to create a false impression of demand.
Institutions manipulate the difference between the bid and ask price of a stock to benefit from trades based on inaccurate prices.
Institutions artificially inflate internet tech stocks which later crash causing economic harm.
Financial institutions misrepresent the risk of subprime mortgage investments leading to a financial crisis.
Traders load the system with algorithmic trades causing a rapid drop and recovery in market prices.
Investors deal in shares of companies before they are officially issued to the public.
Large traders or institutions manipulate foreign exchange markets for profit.
Investment banks artificially inflate the price of IPOs they underwrite for immediate profits.
Manipulators drive up stock prices by spreading false positive news about a company and then sell at higher prices.
Traders or institutions manipulate the price of the underlying stock to ensure their options contracts end profitable.
Traders place an order but delay its execution until its beneficial to do so based on market trends.
An advisor places personal trades ahead of or “tailgates” a client’s trades taking advantage of an ensuing price movement.
Fraudulent promoters push low-value stocks inflate their value through falsehoods and then dump them causing losses to followers who bought in.
Cryptocurrency promoters pump up a coin or token then dump it on the followers who buy in.
Traders misuse information from non-public dark pool orders to their benefit undermining market integrity.
Large traders manipulate prices of index components during rebalance periods for profit.
A large order is concealed by showing only a small part to the market misleading about the market supply.
Unscrupulous brokers club small customer orders together and execute them at unfavorable prices.
Brokers or institutions use securities lending market mechanisms to manipulate share prices.