A group of players continually trash talks and threatens another player causing emotional distress and ruining the gaming experience.
A user is constantly receiving hate comments and death threats on their posts and in private messages.
A disgruntled employee starts sending offensive emails and making threatening calls to a coworker.
A stalker constantly monitors an individual’s online activities and sends them threatening messages.
An individual is getting harassed with constant offensive comments on their research works thesis and projects uploaded online from anonymous users.
A victims personal information is stolen and used for illegal activities.
An individual is repeatedly sent explicit images or messages against his or her will online.
A student is constantly ridiculed and threatened in a school chat group.
A remote worker is repeatedly bullied and undermined through video conferencing platforms.
False offensive posts about a person are repeatedly posted online to tarnish their reputation.
A user is constantly targeted with hate speech due to their racial background on a public forum.
A users private information is released on public platforms for others to harass and threaten them.
Intimate images of an individual are shared online without their consent.
A victims personal information is falsely reported to emergency services leading to unexpected and dangerous police responses.
A user continuously posts incendiary comments on forums causing emotional distress to a specific person.
An individual creates a false identity to lure a person into emotional or financial abuse.
A user spreads false information online about a particular person causing reputational harm.
An individual’s email inbox is flooded with large amounts of redundant emails causing technological issues and emotional distress.
A user is tricked into sharing explicit images which are then used for blackmail.
A user is deceived into providing their personal information causing financial damage.
A user is constantly tracked and threatened in the virtual world.
False complaints or allegations are made online to damage a professionals career.
A hacker threatens to release a users personal information unless they pay a ransom.
Minors are targeted with inappropriate content or requests online.
An individual is deliberately excluded from social media groups or activities causing emotional distress.
An individual’s social media accounts are hacked and a ransom is demanded for returning the access.
A user is subjected to continual harassment in virtual reality environments.
An individual is constantly sent frightening or disturbing stories that cause mental distress.
A user is constantly threatened with violence online.
A business owner is targeted with a barrage of false negative reviews with the intent to harm their business and livelihood.
An individual is repetitively tagged in distressing offensive or unpleasant content.
An individual is targeted with hate speech for their sexual orientation.
Someone creates a fake social media profile to harass and mislead others.
An individual is continually sent diminishing or degrading comments or jokes by a coworker.
Disabled users are specifically targeted due to their disabilities on online forums.
Fake videos are created to defame and cause emotional distress to the victim.
An individuals private conversations or moments are leaked online.
A user is continually insulted or ridiculed for their physical appearance.
A user is manipulated into relinquishing financial control to a con artist.
A professionals credibility is undermined through a series of harmful posts and comments.
A user is targeted by an online group promoting hatred based on race religion or sex.
A user is targeted with hate speech or threats due to their nationality.
A users illness is scoffed at and ridiculed online.
False information about an individual is spread with the aim to cause harm.
A user is bombarded with pre-created hateful messages and comments.
A user is forcefully exposed to obscene and distressing images.
A users online identity is destructed by creating false scandals or allegations.
Online harassment involving gaslighting deception and mental games.
A users online account is overrun with massive amounts of spam messages.
Videos or images of a user are shared online without their consent causing emotional distress.