A criminal group manufactures and sells illicit drugs using the proceeds to finance acts of terrorism.
Terrorists smuggle weapons across borders and sell them to local armed groups the profits of which are channeled towards terrorist activities.
A tourist is kidnapped by a terrorist organization which then demands a hefty ransom for their release.
A series of bank robberies are executed by a terrorist group to fund their operations.
A charity organisation is manipulated into unknowingly funding terrorist activities under the guise of humanitarian support.
Illegal sale of precious stones gathered from conflict zones to fund terrorist activities.
A terrorist group involvement in human trafficking profits from which are directed towards their operations.
A large sum of money is collected through lottery scams and then directed to finance terrorist acts.
An organized crime group perpetrates widespread online fraud to finance their terrorist activities.
A company controlled by a terrorist organization siphons off government development funds for personal gain and terrorism financing.
Front companies and bogus corporations specially set-up to launder money for terrorism operations.
Cryptocurrencies used to fund terrorist activities owing to the anonymity and difficulty in tracing transactions.
A terrorist group gains control over oil fields and sells oil in the black market to fund their activities.
Local businesses are forced to pay protection the proceeds of which are used to fund terrorism.
The smuggling and sale of ancient artifacts from museums or archaeological sites to finance terrorism.
Profits from unlawful wildlife trafficking are cycled back into financing terrorism activities.
Producing and circulating counterfeit money to finance terrorism acts.
The use of a remittance service to send money to a terrorist organization under the guise of family support.
The use of charity boxes in places of worship with funds collected unknowingly used to support terrorist activities.
Profits generated from manipulating stock market used to finance terrorist actions.
Executing credit card frauds to raise money for terrorist activities.
Use of the traditional Hawala system to send money globally to fund terrorism.
The illegal diamond trade funds activities of a terrorist organization in a war-ridden region.
Stealing identities of senior citizens and redirecting their pensions to fund terror activities.
Financial loans acquired in the name of students funneled towards terrorist activities.
Profits from illegal betting and match-fixing in sports used to fund terror outfits.
Smuggling gold across borders and selling it with profits used to finance terrorist operations.
Trade-based money laundering where goods are overvalued or undervalued to channel funds to terrorist groups.
Using offshore shell companies to launder money for terrorist activities.
Using stolen identities to raise funds and then sending those funds to terrorist organizations.
Redirecting stolen tax refund cheques to support terrorist operations.
False insurance claims that result in large payouts used to fund terrorism.
Generating fraudulent ad revenues which are redirected to finance terrorist operations.
hijacking of ocean vessels and holding them ransom to fund terrorist activities.
Stealing customer details and credit card information from online hotel booking systems to fund terrorist operations.
Stealing and selling cars to generate funds for terrorist activities.
Profits from fake real estate deals used to finance terrorist operations.
Siphoning off fees from trade union members to fund terrorism.
Extracting ransom payments from phishing scams executed on a massive scale.
Financial scams where initial investors are paid returns from the funds of later investors the proceeds of which are used to fund terrorism.
Restaurants and shops charging customers extra and channeling part of the income for terrorist financing.
Manipulating investment portfolios of high-profile clients to fund terrorist activities.
Implementing unofficial and illegal toll booths on roads to collect money for terrorist activities.
Profits from the sale of illegally logged timber used to support terrorist activities.
Selling counterfeit medications and using the proceeds to fund terrorist activities.
Smuggling and selling illegal arms the proceeds being directed towards terrorist organizations.
Perpetrating call and text message scams to gather funds for terrorist operations.
Selling illegal fishing rights to companies and using the proceeds to fund terrorism.
Attacking financial institutions to steal funds which are then used to support terrorist operations.
Selling artifacts stolen from museums or archaeological sites used to finance terrorism.