An unauthorized individual gaining entrance to an office building resulting in stolen company property. Employees are blamed because they regularly forget to close the alarm.
A teenager becoming the target of cyber bullies. Some people blame the teen for not setting his social media account to private.
A Universitys database is hacked exposing all student records. The administration puts blame on the IT department for not implementing higher security measures.
An Airbnb hosts house gets vandalized by the guest. People put blame on the host for renting out their personal space to strangers.
A person provides their banking details to a close friend who later cleans out their savings. The victim is blamed for placing too much trust in a friend.
A shopper purchases something online but does not receive the product. Some people blame the shopper for not researching the seller properly before purchasing.
Users fall for a phishing scam giving access to personal data. The victims are blamed for not recognizing a scam email.
A man has his identity stolen with the thief emptying his bank accounts. The man is blamed for not safeguarding his personal data.
After a party a drunk driver crashes their car causing serious injury to another driver. The victim is blamed for being out on the road so late.
In a domestic violence case the victim is blamed for not leaving the relationship sooner.
A person is the victim of income tax fraud. They are blamed for not shredding their physical tax documents.
A patients condition worsens due to misdiagnosis. Some blame the patient for not seeking a second opinion.
A person is harassed at the workplace and management blames the victim for not standing up for themselves.
A persons credit card is stolen and used. They are blamed for not securing their wallet.
A neighborhood is plagued by constant burglaries. The victims are blamed for not installing security systems.
A woman falls victim to an ATM scam losing all her savings. She is blamed for not recognizing the scam.
A mans smartphone is stolen from a public place. He is blamed for not keeping an eye on his belongings.
A familys home is invaded. The victims are blamed for not locking their doors and windows.
An individual falls for a catfishing scheme online. They are blamed for not doing a proper background check.
A woman experienced sexual harassment at the workplace. Some ramdom people blame her for dressing provocatively.
A woman gets repeatedly harassed by an online stalker. Some friends blame her for sharing too much information online.
A companys customer database is leaked and the company blames its customers for not using stronger passwords.
A person falls for an insurance scam losing a significant amount of money. Some blame the person for not doing due diligence.
A man loses his savings through a lottery scam. Others blame the man for being too greedy and not noticing the red flags.
An investor loses money in a scam. The victim is blamed for not researching more.
A tenant loses money to a fake property rental. The tenant is blamed for not verifying property ownership details.
An individuals private photos are leaked online by a blackmailer. Some blame the individual for sharing the photos in the first place.
A teenagers social media account gets hacked. The teenager is blamed for using an easy-to-guess password.
A family gets scammed while trying to buy a puppy online. The family is blamed for not meeting the dog before purchase.
An elderly person is scammed into paying a fake ransom for a supposedly kidnapped grandchild. People blame the elder for not verifying the information first.
A person falls victim to constant emotional abuse from a partner. Some blame the person for not standing up for themselves.
A package gets stolen from a doorstep. The victim is blamed for not having a secure delivery location.
A vehicle gets stolen from a public parking lot. The owner is blamed for not installing an anti-theft system.
A person gets cheated on by their partner. Some blame the person for not keeping the relationship exciting.
A child falls victim to neglect by their parents. Teachers blame the child for not being more expressive about their home situation.
An elderly person falls victim to abuse in a nursing home. Relatives blame the elder for not raising any complaints.
A shopper gets scammed with a fake discount offer. The shopper is blamed for not reading the fine print.
A cyclist is hit by a motorist and some bystanders blame the cyclist for not wearing high-visibility clothing.
A person is scammed on a fake dating website. This individual is blamed for not doing a proper background check on the website.
Victims of a mass shooting are blamed for not reacting quickly or smartly enough in the situation.
A teenager gets influenced by peers into doing drugs. The teenager is blamed for not having a strong enough will to decline.
A person divulges their banking information under false pretenses. They are blamed for not being more suspicious.
A small business owner is extorted by local thugs. Other business owners blame the victim for not having adequate security.
A credit card owner falls victim to fraudulent charges. The owner is blamed for not checking their statement frequently.
A persons personal life becomes public due to unrestricted access to their home. The victim is blamed for allowing strangers into their home.
A person loses a lot of money by getting involved in a pyramid scheme. The victim is blamed for being too gullible.
A person falls for a robocall scam and gives out personal details to the scammer. Some blame the person for not identifying the robocall for what it was.
A person transfers a large amount of money to a fake bank account. The person is blamed for not verifying the credentials of the receiver.
A person falls on a wet floor at a retail store and suffers injury. Some blame the shopper for not being more attentive.
A passenger is pickpocketed on the subway. Fellow passengers blame the victim for not being more careful with their belongings.