A fictional country invents powerful energy technology that other nations want to seize.
A hostile nation spreads misinformation and propaganda to tarnish the reputation and credibility of another countrys government.
A spy works within government system to transfer essential information to enemy force.
Secret assault on another countrys nuclear facilities under cover of darkness.
Threat of an engineered virus being released into the environment causing global panic.
Mass scale invasion approach towards a smaller island nation through sea routes.
Paradropping troops in key areas of target nation to seize control over important strategic locations.
Unleashing a wave of terror attacks to strike fear in the heart of the population.
Sending out the threat to launch ballistic missiles if specific demands arent met.
Propaganda encouraging disenchanted citizens to revolt against their government.
Purposeful destruction of the base economy of a country plunging it into an economic crisis.
Purposeful starvation of civilian populations to force surrender.
A propaganda campaign convincing the population of an impending extraterrestrial threat.
The military leadership is influenced by enemy propaganda and attempts a coup.
Propaganda generating fear of genetically modified soldiers unkillable and without conscience.
A countrys technological infrastructure is undermined leading to widespread disruption.
Ethnic and cultural minorities are targeted fanning the flames of cultural war.
Misuse of religious sentiments against certain communities to fuel war.
Influencing the education system to promote incorrect historical narratives that drive animosity.
A country claims the moon and threatens force if any other nation tries to land.
Orchestrating an elaborate fake news campaign to create unrest.
The threat of murder targets politicians in order to thrust a country into chaos.
Spreading rumors of potential scarcity to create panic buying or hoarding.
Propaganda about new mind control techniques that foments fear.
Threats of undetectable advanced weapons set to strike at any time.
Propaganda about a hidden underwater base ready to launch nuclear attacks.
The fear of radioactive poisoning spread through harmful propaganda.
The use of psychological tactics to manipulate and control the minds of victims.
A country attacking without any declaration causing confusion and chaos.
Threats to contaminate the water supply of an enemy nation.
Propaganda manipulating people to join the government forces.
Many people disappear suddenly and the enemy blames the local government.
Surveillance of citizens for potential rebellious actions.
Public forced into labor camps to support war efforts.
Spreading fear of an impending nuclear holocaust.
Spreading false information about disease spread as psychological warfare.
Aid provided to war-torn regions is stolen and used for nefarious purposes.
Misinformation about constant shellings in border areas.
Propaganda portraying the ruling government as a dictatorship.
Disenfranchised sections of society are instigated to violence through propaganda.
A nation is systematically isolated on the world stage to weaken it internally.
A country is blamed for causing environmental disasters and then boycotted.
False information about a deadly disease outbreak is spread to create panic.
Invasion threats from polar regions to instill fear and insecurity.
Threats of hacking satellite systems causing global disruption.
Propaganda about weaponizing animals as suicide bombers to create terror.
Fearmongering of volcanic eruptions caused by enemy experiments.
Propaganda about forced expulsion of indigenous people to gain sympathy amongst international community.
Propaganda about the discovery and potential use of an ancient superweapon of mass destruction.
Propaganda claiming predictive capabilities on the adversarys strategies causing paranoia.